DISCLAIMER

Please read carefully following legally binding Disclaimer and Subscription Agreement between MegaHub Limited (“MegaHub”) and User. By selecting “Accept” option, User acknowledges that User has read, understand and agree to be bound by the terms of Disclaimer and Subscription Agreement. If User does not agree with the terms, please select “Not Accept” option and unload the Software. 

Shall User have any inquiry, please contact MegaHub via email cs@megahubhk.com (Chinese or English language)

User expressly acknowledges and agrees that the Service is provided to it on an "as is" basis and that its use of its Content is at its sole risk. Only part of the Service is translated and provided as a convenience only. Translation may be imprecise and inaccurate in whole or in part. MegaHub, translator, and third party information providers (“Source”) do not make any warranty of any kind whatsoever relating to the Service including any Content furnished through the Service, express or implied, including without limitation, non-infringement of third party rights or merchantability or fitness for any particular purpose of use. MegaHub and the Sources endeavor to ensure the accuracy and reliability of the Content provided but do not guarantee its accuracy or reliability and accepts no liability (whether in tort or contract or otherwise) for any loss or damage arising from any inaccuracies or omissions.

HKEx INFORMATION SERVICES LIMITED, ITS HOLDING COMPANIES AND/OR ANY SUBSIDIARIES OF SUCH HOLDING COMPANIES ENDEAVOUR TO ENSURE THE ACCURACY AND RELIABILITY OF THE INFORMATION PROVIDED BUT DO NOT GUARANTEE ITS ACCURACY OR RELIABILITY AND ACCEPT NO LIABILITY (WHETHER IN TORT OR CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE)FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE ARISING FROM ANY INACCURACIES OR OMISSIONS.

The Content contained in this Service is provided for information and reference purposes only and does not constitute or form part of any offer, or invitation, to subscribe for or to sell, or solicitation of any offer to subscribe for or purchase, any financial products (include but not limited to securities, future, option, warrants, callable bull/bear contracts or other structured products listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited and/or other exchange described in this Service. Nothing contained in This Service shall form the basis of any contract or commitment whatsoever. Content contained in This Service should not be considered as investment advice or any form of recommendation to purchase or sell any financial products.

Any indicative pricing levels, disclosure materials, valuations and other analysis published in This Service have been prepared on assumptions and parameters that reflect good faith determinations. The assumptions and parameters used are not the only ones which could have reasonably been selected, and accordingly, no guarantee is given in respect of the accuracy, reasonableness or completeness of such quotations, disclosure or analysis. No representation or warranty is made that any indicative return or performance will be achieved in the future. Such information do not constitute investment advice by MegaHub and are for information purposes only.

Neither MegaHub, nor any of its directors, officers or employees, translators, nor any third party vendor will be liable or have any responsibility of any kind for any loss or damage that you incur in the event of any failure or interruption of This Service, or resulting from the act or omission of any other party involved in making This Service or the data contained therein available to Subscriber, or from any other cause relating to Subscriber’s access to, inability to access, or use of This Service or these materials, whether or not the circumstances giving rise to such cause may have been within the control of MegaHub or of any vendor providing software or services support.

Communications over the internet are not secure. Information contained in This Service may be intercepted, lost, destroyed or delayed in transmission. MegaHub will take reasonable measures to minimize related risk, but do not accept any liability for any such occurrence and do not warrant that any communication or attachments or the software will be free from viruses, worms or other harmful components.

While reasonable effort is made to ensure the accuracy of the translation, any translation of the Service may be imprecise and inaccurate in whole or in part. No liability and no responsibility are assumed by either MegaHub or the Source for any errors, omissions, or ambiguities in the translations or other information provided by the Service.

Service Subscription Fee does not include mobile telecommunications service fee and/or 3G / HSPA / GPRS / EDGE / WiFi internet service fee collected by mobile network service provider. User should apply those services separately.

In the event of any discrepancy or conflict between this Disclaimer and Subscription Agreement, Subscription Agreement will prevail.